fix template (#6)
Aventus-Network-Services/avn-node: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Thank you for your Pull Request

AFTER YOU'VE READ THIS NOTICE, FEEL FREE TO REMOVE IT.
Thank you!

Before you submit a PR, please check that:

- [ ] You added a brief description of the PR, e.g.:

>   - What does it do?

Reviewer: - Describes the purpose of the PR;

>   - Highlighted what important points reviewers should know?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Highlights what important points reviewers should know about;
```

>   - Indicated if there something left for follow-up PRs?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Indicates if there is something left for follow-up PRs.
```
